[Music]
hi hello welcome back to the video I
hope you doing really really good
in today's well and I thought I'll do
another day in the life and I show you
some quick and easy like meal recipes
and just show you what up - I'm going to
take you through a workout as well so I
feel like I've got a fairly busy day
today or like you know in those days it
just feels quite stressing because I go
away tomorrow I'm away for two weeks I'm
going to South America for the first
time
cannot wait we've got about a 14 hour
flight to Chile and then which runs in a
week in Chile Mayson an art and then
going to Uruguay for another week I'm
going to take you through my workout and
then I'll just show you some quick and
easy like me recipes and a bit of
chitchat I need to fill you guys in I
broke my toe last week honestly absolute
nightmare and OH before we get started
into the video I would love it if you
could like this video it really helps my
channel and subscribe if you aren't
already been through my green protein
smoothie recipe for like the past week
now so I'm going to mix things up and
make like on a banana berry protein
smoothie we have some spinach so I'll
just show you it's super quick and easy
and really really yummy
especially you've got a sweet tooth one
whole frozen banana handful of frozen
blueberries I've switched up my cinnamon
Danish protein today to a blueberry
cheesecake corn and speak of
please just about 40 grams big handful
offs and then about 200 milliliters of
unsweetened almond milk a handful of ice
as well is really nice
[Music]
so I've just put out my overnight oats
that I'm gonna have as my first meal of
the day I'm absolutely starving I went
to the gym fasted this is my absolute go
to at the moment as you can tell I look
overnight tonight I'm going to my dad's
for dinner and he is looking after my
little Penelope laughter away it's gonna
rock a little holiday for her and my dad
actually my dad absolutely loves it I'm
not sure I picked this tiny spoon out
here so here's the nails that I've gone
for I've gone for like a little bit
short just because I know him away for
like two weeks I just want them to make
sure that they last and I've just got
like more of a pinky nude but yeah
there's something for more human wine I
have nice nails on
so I'm just gonna leave them quite a
thick and I'll leave them for about ten
minutes or so about lunchtime now and
I've just got almost finished packing
thank God and we need to leave here
about three half three so I'm just gonna
make like some eggs on a flatbread with
some avocado because we can have based
on some computers that we've got you
have these would like evening meals too
and obviously I'm gonna pop the rest of
these in the freezer while we're away
[Music]
here is my finished little urn so quick
and easy and quite filling as well it's
so crispy neither I'm just about all
packed thank God I actually have the
biggest love-hate relationship with
packing I just got so paranoid that I've
left earth and you know I'm leaving
behind this time my hair dryer and
straighteners and what caritas weight
lock I'm always that person that just
over packs and has to like look luggage
everywhere and it's just another mess
I'm not being that girl's day I'm not
mean that is like an organized mess over
here we've got obviously a whole side
basically of activewear and then I'm
bringing some coffee with me and then
over here is just like some like casual
outfits here is my airport outfit for
tomorrow and then just a night before I
forget so I haven't really addressed my
broken toe situation or how I did it
ever had a few messages asking like how
do we manage that and basically I was
cooking a meal prep video and Penelope
was like underneath my feet so I just
like jumped out the way and kicked the
wall in the process and I just thought
oh god that hurt I've stubbed my toe
you know and you like grab your foot you
ow ow ow and then the pain got loads
worse and I was just like I looked at my
foot and I thought my initial thought if
I'm completely honest I'm good why's my
toe hanging off because it was like in
my sock pointing the other way super
sorry if
squeamish I'm not it's not intentionally
trying to be gruesome shot in Mason
luckily he was in but he's on the phone
I was like they said I think my toes
fall and are been the biggest
hypochondriac ever Mason was right let's
take your sock off then and then I
didn't want to take my sock off in case
something like I'm really squeamish like
I didn't want to see my toe hanging off
so then she got this sock off my toe it
was facing east like no joke East when
it should be north be a long story short
we went to A&E in this time Mason was
like trying to grab my foot last I sat
in the wheelchair to pop it back into
place because it was clearly desiccated
but you know waited I had like gas and
got the toe back in its place and then I
had an x-ray and it so I just want to
discuss like injuries and training if
you're feeling a bit under the weather
that kind of thing but I broke my toe
about three four days ago and I
initially thought I was like oh god like
this is gonna ruin all my training on my
progress I let the pain go down and like
calm down I had a full rest day of just
keeping my foot up private veteran was
up I went to the gym and just trained
upper body and yeah the past few days
I've had some really good training
sessions and I've just managed to avoid
doing anything on like my injured foot
I've done some upper body hit workouts
like there's so many alternatives so if
you ever do have like a wrister just any
injury on one part part of your body for
example it really doesn't need to mean
that you completely can't go to the gym
all the sonne ways around it I feel so
much better that when I'm training and
everything like that special
intervention that and if you are either
feeling a bit under the weather you know
take time for you and look after
yourself obviously but don't let
yourself get down by thinking that's it
I can't train at all like there's just
so many ways around it and it's made me
appreciate my health so much like oh I
was thinking like if this was it's only
eteri but imagine if it was an ankle or
something so I'm pretty much all ready
to go now Penelope's going to stay with
my dad for the next two weeks it's gonna
be like a full going holiday for her she
absolutely adores my dad and vice versa
and I'm sure they were going on like
loads of long walks and everything and
I'm gonna miss her so much he's made a
curry forward which a really good like
my dad's curries are at the bomb so yeah
we're gonna drive up there
about an hour from my house I had a
delivery but some new brain and my feet
because I wanted something a bit more
supported feel yourself only feet
[Music]
already halfway through each unit anyway
guys I really hope you enjoyed this
video if you haven't already don't
forget to hit that subscribe button and
like this video and let me know if
there's any other videos you'd like to
see ticular and I'll see you guys in the
next one